Previously on scream queens...
(screaming)
Munsch: The assault on your
predecessor, melanie dorkus--
I think you did it.
Chanel: These morons need
someone to tear them a new one.
I am going to write the missive
to end all missives.
Pete...
I can't!
I don't want your first time
to be with a murderer.
Wait.
You're the red devil killer?
No. Well, yes.
W-well, no, but sort of.
Grace, you can't leave.
Not until I'm done
telling you everything.
Okay? I love you. I would
never, ever hurt you.
I promise you're safe.
That was part of the deal.
You could never be touched.
Deal?
(car horn honks)
(shondell screams)
The night the security guard
was killed outside of kappa,
I was there, doing my job--
snooping.
I risked my life.
I followed the red devil
Right to the dickie dollar
scholars house.
(panting)
I followed him inside,
Saw him
taking off his costume.
It was boone.
That was weeks ago.
Wh-why didn't you turn him in?
How many lives
could you have saved?
I was... I was totally
going to, I swear.
But then he started
talking to me.
He laid the whole thing out:
Why he was doing
what he was doing,
How kappa had to be stopped,
how they killed his mother,
How they were humanity at their
worst, how kappa had to pay.
And then I realized his mission
and our mission were the same.
Our mission never involved
killing anyone.
Oh, really?
How was that apple cider
you gave dean munsch, grace?
Don't be mad at boone or me
for realizing before you did
That the only way to
really, really bring chanel
And her type down was
bringing them all the way
Down to the ground,
under the ground.
Everybody thinks
the red devil--
"ooh, he's the bad guy
in all of this."
But, no, he's not the monster.
No, no, no, no, no.
The kappas.
The chanels.
The dinosaur of
a greek system.
They are the beast.
More than half of students
That join sororities
or fraternities get hazed,
And it's not just wearing
raw chickens on their heads
And calling each other gay slurs
while jumping around naked.
And let's just put aside
the psychological damage
Done to each and every
one of them that were just
Looking for a
place to belong,
And instead spent months
being verbally abused
About being a pound overweight
Or not having the right
pair of air jordans.
104 deaths, grace.
104 deaths and counting
since 1970.
I mean, how many
has the red devil killed, huh?
Eight? Ten, maybe?
(chuckles):
I mean, come on.
It's not even
a competition.
That beast is going to keep on
feeding on young lives
Until someone cuts
its highlight-covered head off.
Oh, and besides,
Boone said there were
other killers, too.
It was a conspiracy.
If I turned him in,
We would have never
found out who they were.
Stop rationalizing it.
You killed people.
You are not allowed to just say,
"yeah, but I had
a super good reason for it."
Who did you kill?
Roger:
This feels so good.
(kissing gently)
Roger.
(chanel #5 screams)
(panting)
(chanel #5 sobbing)
Pete:
Or d-dodger.
I-I don't know.
I get them all mixed up.
Hey, hey, hey!
Grace, grace, no.
Grace. Grace.
(panting)
What, are you gonna kill me now?
No. I would never hurt you.
I just can't let you leave.
Not until I'm done
telling you everything!
(knife clatters on floor)
I really liked you, pete.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Stop, stop, stop, stop...
No, no, I'm not letting you go
from my life that easily, grace.
Stop.
Grace. I know that
If you could just...
Stop.
...Hear what I have
to say, to understand...
Please.
...Why I did what I did,
you could still love me.
(sobbing)
That guy, roger,
Was terrible to his brother,
did you know that?
His whole life.
(sniffles)
He-he ripped off dodger's
left nipple in utero.
Don't try to
justify it all
After the fact.
You were just mad
That the dickie dollars
scholars rejected you.
Of course I was. They're just
as bad as the kappa girls.
But, grace, you have to
understand, I had no choice.
No, no, no, no, no!
They showed up one day
thinking that I was
A double agent,
that I couldn't be trusted.
They were going to kill me.
Hey, hey, you can trust me,
you can trust me!
Ask me and I'll do anything.
I'll prove it.
It was roger or me.
Don't you see
that they did that on purpose?!
They knew that if you
actually killed someone,
You would be their slave!
God!
We were the good guys.
We were in this together!
I did this for you.
Don't you understand?
I did this to be
one of the good guys, grace.
I mean, come on.
You practically told me to.
Don't you remember driving back
from seeing mandy?
Grace: The more I hear
about this whole thing,
The more I'm starting to think
the idea that there are good
And bad people in the world
is just something
Adults use to get children
to stay in line.
Mm. Well,
nietzsche said,
(imitates matthew mcconaughey):
"you have your way,
"I have my way.
"as for the right way,
"the correct way
and the only way,
It does not exist."
Exactly.
I mean, how can you
possibly stop an evil
As old as kappa house while
you're playing by the rules?
I mean, aren't we being naive?
What are you
suggesting?
I don't know.
It's just...
(sighs)
...Maybe the red devil
has the right idea.
(car horn blaring)
You took me literally?
If you gaze long enough
into an abyss,
That abyss
will gaze back into you.
That is nietzsche, too, grace.
You're quoting nietzsche?
Seriously?
You are already
a murderer, pete,
You don't have to be
a douche as well!
This is not a
philosophy course.
This is murder-- serial murder!
I agree.
Which is why I decided
to make it all stop.
So I killed boone.
♪ ♪
He asked me to come help
kill gigi,
But I knew this was my chance
to finally end this.
Gigi was the planner,
The george clooney
in their psycho ocean's eleven,
But boone was the muscle.
Without him...
Gigi:
No! (gasps)
(gasping)
...They could never
keep this whole thing going.
But after I did that,
I-I-I-I-I-I...
I decided no more.
It was time to stop.
Except for shooting chanel
with the crossbow
And then that other police guy,
but that was self-defense.
That was you?
Grace.
I had to finish
that part of it.
The only way to justify
this whole thing
Was if her reign of terror
was ended.
(sighs)
You and I never talked about
what she did to me last year.
She led me on for months.
She said she was looking
to experiment sexually
By being with a guy who wasn't
a three-pump chump like chad.
She wanted to play out
her deepest,
Darkest fantasies with me.
I was so young and desperate
to be special and loved.
I never had
a real girlfriend before.
Pete: Are you sure
this is what you want?
I was vulnerable enough to share
my darkest fetish with you,
And now you're making me
feel self-conscious.
Just come in and take me now.
And don't forget the dialogue.
(grunting wildly)
(chuckles)
(laughs)
You are ridiculously
and laughably gullible.
(laughter)
Chanel #5:
I can't believe
That you actually believed
that chanel would be turned on
By daryl hannah in
clan of the cave bear.
(laughter)
(both grunting wildly)
(laughter, grunting continues)
What self-respecting man
wouldn't do
Anything to get revenge
for being degraded like that?
Unfortunately, I don't have
great aim with a crossbow
And I can't see anything
in that mask.
I don't want to be here anymore.
I feel sick.
This isn't what I wanted.
Yes, it is. Yes, it is.
Okay? Don't judge me for what
we both know had to happen.
Don't you see
I did this all for you?
For us?
To give you what you wanted,
To clean up the whole mess
that chanel made of kappa.
You know what?
Let's just run away together.
You and me.
Forget everything.
Let the other killer
finish what we started.
Don't you see
how much I love you?
Don't you see what I'm willing
to do for you?
I hate you, pete.
You are everything I have
been fighting against.
I never want to
see you again.
If you want
me to stay,
You're gonna
have to kill me.
(door opens)
But if you leave,
I won't be able to tell you
Who the other killer is.
(sighs)
Spoiler alert:
It's one of your sisters.
Oh, you were right, grace.
You were right all along.
It was the other
baby in the bathtub.
Boone's twin sister.
Well, tell me. Who is it?
Sit down.
(scoffs)
Come on. Just sit down.
I mean, I really
should have known.
It wasn't that hard
to find out.
I just had to
collect dna samples
From all the kappas.
♪ ♪
Chanel #5: No! I don't want
to speak to your supervisor!
I want to speak
to the president of tinder!
Your app is broken!
I've gotten zero swipes
on my profile!
Who is the killer?
Who is the other baby
in the bathtub?
You're not gonna believe it.
The other baby in the bathtub...
(gasps, groans)
Run.
(yells)
(grunting)
(screams)
There she is!
Let's get her!
(crowd booing, clamoring)
Chanel:
I know what you're thinking.
Why is chanel,
the goddess of fashion
And telling it like it is,
being tormented by fatties
With bad haircuts
and horrible shoes?
What was the outrage
that was so enormous
It brought students
back to campus
Despite the fact that a serial
killer is still on the loose?
If you believe it,
it's all because
I chose to pen the missive
to end all missives.
Attention all
useless kappa sluts.
Congratulations.
If you're reading this...
"...It means you've
overcome the limitations
"of your tiny manatee brains
and opened an e-mail.
Now, if you're
asking yourself..."
"'derr, wait, I'm confused.
Is chanel talking to me?
"am I a useless kappa slut?'
Simply ask yourself
the following question aloud..."
"is my name chanel #3,
chanel #5,
Chanel #6 or
zayday williams?"
"because if the answer
to that is yes,
Then felicitations,
this missive is for you."
Chanel: So, do you all remember
when we agreed
To meet at the campus pool
and kill the dean,
And I got you all
awesome new phones,
So that when
it came time to meet,
The phone would light up a
certain color, and when it did,
You didn't even
have to answer it,
You just had to come meet
at the aforementioned pool?
And then do you remember
not coming to the pool,
Despite me making it
super easy for you
By concocting a plan so simple
That an orangutan
could have figured it out?
Like, literally, a circus ape
of moderate intelligence
Could have looked down
at the phone
Sticking out
of the single pocket
In the front of
his comical lederhosen
And seen it light up
and used his short little legs
To waddle over to his tiny,
motorized shriner's car
And driven to the pool
like I asked.
Do you remember any aspect
of this super simple plan?
That's not
a rhetorical question.
I'm literally asking if your
tiny slut brains have the power
To process
any of my super simple
Orangutan-level instructions.
Because what I remember
is that none of you showed up,
Which meant I had to sit
at that stupid pool by myself,
Like a grade-a ass-hat,
With a bag
full of enormous chains
To drown dean munsch with
and then have
A super awkward convo with her
where I was like,
"oh, derr, I just like bringing
enormous chains to pools,"
And I looked like a total div.
I don't entirely know what you
whores could have been doing
That was more important than
helping your chapter president
Drown a serial killer,
but unless that thing
You were doing was getting
enemas of pure liquid gold
At a new
local establishment called
Liquid gold colonics
for young sluts,
Like if you were doing
literally anything else,
You all should
seriously consider
Doing the human race a favor
and getting sterilized.
I'm not being facetious.
I literally think
you should consider undergoing
A surgical procedure
to remove your ovaries,
Thereby sparing human race
exposure to your dna.
You four trollops are the worst
specimens of human beings
Ever born, and you all should
really watch your backs,
Because if this serial killer
targeting kappa house
Doesn't chop off your heads,
I'm going to do it!
So I can sell your tiny
whore brainpans to science.
Sincerely, chanel oberlin.
So, the next day, I went to get
An extra-hot
pumpkin spice latte...
...And more news coming
from wallace university,
Where an alleged serial killer
continues to stalk the campus.
And that's when it happened.
...After an insane sorority rant
From kappa kappa tau president,
chanel oberlin,
Students have returned...
Man:
Is president obama a total div?
Chanel oberlin's malicious...
Woman: The new face of hate,
chanel oberlin...
Man 2: ...Weighs in on
liquid gold colonics...
Chanel:
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Man 3: Chanel oberlin is being
labeled worst person alive.
Chanel:
How did this happen?
(crowd booing, clamoring)
I mean,
I'm all for public shaming.
I practically invented it.
It's the sign
of a healthy culture.
But not when I'm the one
getting shamed.
I wanted to be famous,
but not like this.
Chanel! Chanel!
What does it feel like
To be the most hated woman
in america?
What about an
apology, chanel?
Man: Ms. Oberlin, any
comment at this time?
(crowd quiets,
cameras continue snapping)
Yes.
I would like to comment.
To all the so-called
mainstream media,
Including weird web sites
that nobody has heard of
Who have used my name
as clickbait,
And to all the relentless
unwashed hordes on twitter,
Who have taken every opportunity
To mock and attack me
mercilessly
From the safety
of their stained futons,
I offer the following
heartfelt sentiment.
You can all suck it!
(crowd booing, clamoring)
(doors creak)
Despite my outward bravado,
I was dead inside.
(doors close)
In my heart,
I knew my glamorous
reign of terror was over.
It was going to be difficult,
but I knew what I had to do.
I have to kill myself.
♪ ♪
(knocking on door)
Leave me alone.
Chanel...
Are you okay?
I said get out, please!
I'm trying to kill myself.
What?! How?
Duh, with an asp.
Like a snake?
Yes. I ordered an asp online
So I could kill myself
like cleopatra,
And now I'm just waiting for it
to sense my body heat
And come out and bite me
so this will all be over.
Chanel, no, that's insane.
Is it?
Is it insane?
My life is over.
There was nothing left to do
but go on aliexpress
And order a venomous snake
for same-day delivery
And just... End it all.
Hold on.
(snake hissing)
Chanel,
This isn't an asp.
(gasps)
It's a garter snake.
No, it isn't.
Look at its markings.
What markings?
This is a sweater.
I can't even kill myself right.
Chanel,
Look at me.
I understand that what you're
going through is really intense.
And I know you and I haven't
really always seen eye to eye,
And you say crazy-mean stuff
to me all the time,
And I have a real problem
with your casual racism,
Which is something
we need to work on,
But, girl, I promise
I got your back.
Really?
Yes.
And I know
you can't see it now,
But things are gonna get better.
You're young,
smart and beautiful,
And you got a lot of
living ahead of you.
So don't talk
about killing yourself, okay?
That's not even something
you should joke about.
Come here.
Maybe this is
One of those teachable moments,
you know?
Like my grandmama says.
Maybe this is where you learn
the lesson that...
Words really mean something
and they can hurt people,
So you just
can't always
Say the first horrible thing
That pops into your head
all the time.
That's gonna be so hard.
I know.
Why are you being
so nice to me?
Because we have
a real opportunity here.
I mean, I think it's safe to say
that you and this house
Have hit rock bottom.
And when things can't seem
to get any worse,
That's when they start
to get better.
We're co-presidents,
remember?
That means this is the moment
where you and I join forces
To catch this killer
and rebuild kappa kappa tau
Into being something
everybody can be proud of.
And we're gonna do it together.
Fine.
I'm in.
Whatever it takes.
(chanel and zayday screaming)
Well, that's just great.
(gasps)
(screams)
What's wrong with him?
(snake hissing, man screaming)
(screaming)
Please, please!
I... I didn't mean to do it!
He's trying to say something!
Rip off his mask!
(screaming)
Please!
She made me do it!
Who?! Who made you do it?!
Get me out of this suit!
Have you seen this guy before?
No!
(screaming)
He smells like a pizza parlor.
(shouts)
get me out of this suit!
(muffled shouting)
Bitches, gather round.
What the hell
is going on?
Who is that guy?
We have no idea. Neither of
us have seen him before.
Yeah. It was so weird.
As soon as zayday
and I joined forces,
He just fell
into our lap.
Guys, something really weird
happened, and I'm so unsettled.
No one cares!
We just caught the killer!
No, listen!
I was getting my fitbit steps in
When this girl appeared out
of nowhere
With a shawl covering her face.
Oh, great news. The hag
of shady lane has a sister.
No one cares.
No, she had scars
all over her face.
She probably had bad acne
and wanted beauty tips from us.
It was terrifying.
She was carrying a shovel!
There's nothing terrifying
about that.
She kept saying something,
something "dork."
Saying I'm-I'm a dork
Or something "dork."
Number six, hi.
Everyone on campus but me
is a dork!
You're always trying
to pull focus!
(man groans)
Any last words?
(muffled grunting)
(panting)
I'm gonna explode.
What?
We should probably let him
use the bathroom.
No! I'm gonna explode!
(panting)
I'm just a delivery guy!
(doorbell rings)
I delivered a pizza to this
address and someone answered
The door in this costume!
Pizza!
Wait, there's pizza?
When I woke up,
I was wrapped in dynamite!
(all gasping)
Oh, my god,
it's a bomb.
(all screaming)
She had a low voice,
like a machine.
(beeping)
she said she... The only way
she wouldn't kill me is
If I came in here and I killed
everyone. And if I didn't,
She'd detonate the bomb!
(beep)
(all screaming)
(distorted screaming)
(beep)
(beeping)
(electronic giggling)
(distorted screaming)
(distorted screaming continues)
(filtered breathing,
indistinct conversations)
(equipment beeping)
Chanel #5:
I just don't understand.
Like, one minute he's here,
And then the next minute
he just explodes!
I know. I also was there.
I mean, it's just so messed up.
Like, what are we
supposed to do now?
Yes, a totally innocent man
who seemed super nice
And probably did
nothing wrong at all
Just got blown up
in our living room.
Bummer. Now, let's honor
his memory by moving on.
(crying)
What's wrong with her?
Number five is bumming me out
by insisting that we relive
The moment the pizza guy blew up
over and over and over!
Can you not make it about
you for one second?!
No, guys, I'm really
freaked out! I feel like
I'm having a
panic attack!
Get it together,
number five!
Stop wallowing and
start concentrating
On what's really
important here.
Restoring my reputation.
Is that what's really important?
Listen...
Ever since zayday saved my life
From the fake asp
I ordered online,
I'm a changed woman.
Like, I get now
that other people have feelings,
And that words, they're like
weapons or something.
So, I figured out a plan
To restore kappa house's
dignity, get back chad radwell,
And put me back into the hearts
Of the citizens
of this great nation.
Wait, so... (sighs) the plan
isn't to catch the killer?
No! We already know
who the killer is!
It's boone!
If we don't want him to kill us,
We just have to avoid places
where gay people go.
So, like,
behind every bennigan's.
I love bennigan's.
(sputters)
so what's the plan?
I need to go on an apology tour.
You know, like celebrities,
When they say
something offensive,
They just go on tv
and apologize,
And everybody forgives them,
Even though
they don't mean it at all.
The first person I'm gonna
Apologize to...
Me.
...Melanie dorkus.
What?
Yes. You heard
what number six said.
Clearly melanie dorkus
is stalking the campus
With a shovel in a veil,
all pissed off because her face
Got burnt off, and I want
to let bygones be bygones.
But I thought that you said
that you weren't the person
Who put the acid
in the spray tanner.
Well, I didn't,
but she thinks I did.
So here's the plan:
We're gonna go to her house,
I'm gonna fake apologize,
you'll record it,
We'll post it online,
and it'll all be fine.
Wait, we're gonna what?
Let's go.
(crying): Like, after roger
and dodger, like,
I've suffered so much
loss in my life.
Oh, jesus. Let's go.
Why do you think
the devil let me live?
Wes:
I don't know.
But I still think we
should call the police.
What will that do?
I mean, all denise is gonna do
Is arrest zayday again.
(sighs)
Um... (clears throat)
You guys didn't, um...
What?
(whistles)
No. Dad. No.
Didn't.
Okay, I had to ask.
I was going to, though,
And it felt
right and...
That's nice. Mm-hmm.
Oh, my god. I mean,
can you imagine if I had?
I mean, what is so wrong
with me, dad,
That I totally misread him?
I think you saw
what you wanted to see.
And from the sounds of it,
You know,
at least he was coming
From a-a loving
and-and positive place.
You can't kill people from
a loving and positive place.
Well, obviously, but...
I just didn't want
this experience to stop you
From trusting your instincts.
Pete was a good guy.
Solid, hardworking, handsome.
And, yes, I'm glad
he wasn't your first.
But aside from the
in-cahoots-with-killers thing,
I think you made a good choice
When you considered him.
Invasion of the
dad bod snatchers.
Who are you?
(chuckles)
That's a good question.
I'm a guy
Who's learning to loosen the
leash and trust his daughter.
And if all of this
Has taught me anything,
It's that I can't protect you
from the world.
And that you're pretty bad-ass
When it comes
to taking care of yourself.
Well...
What I've learned
is that I still need my dad.
Especially if I want
to catch the killer.
Boone and
pete are dead,
So there's
only one left.
The girl in
the bathtub.
Pete said it's
one of my sisters,
Which means we narrowed
it down to five.
Mm-hmm.
And, well, there's only
one way to figure out
Which one of
them it is.
Lie detectors.
No, dad...
Waterboarding.
That's illegal.
If it's good enough
For the cia,
it's good enough for me.
(laughing):
Dad...
Okay, I have a better idea.
Why don't we lock ourselves
in here, and then we just wait
For the killer
to kill the other four...
Okay, dad...
I need to get as
much information
On all of them
as possible.
Okay. Um, how do we do that?
Dad...
Get ready to make the most
important playlist of your life.
We're gonna need you
to take one for the team.
(doors creaking)
♪ ♪
("crazy on you" by heart
playing)
Hey, teach.
♪ ♪
(scoffs)
What's going on?
Well, I decided to stop denying
what you and I both knew
The minute we laid eyes
on each other.
♪ we may still have time... ♪
And once I did, something inside
of me, I don't know, it just...
Just clicked.
And I guess I just wanted
to get a little crazy.
(scoffs)
so you just decided
To break into my house
in the middle of the day?
I know.
I've been a very bad boy.
Maybe I should get sent
to the dean.
Well...
I'm sure...
That that...
Can be arranged.
♪ crazy on you... ♪
(yells)
okay.
I'm just trying to figure out
what your angle is.
What are you trying
to get out of this?
Oh, I'm just
trying to get...
You know what
I'm trying to get?
45 minutes alone, so
I can go crazy on you.
("listen to your heart"
by roxette playing)
Yeah, you feel that?
♪ listen to you heart... ♪
Ow!
♪ when he's calling for you ♪
(munsch moaning)
♪ listen to your heart ♪
Yes.
♪ there's nothing else ♪
♪ you can do ♪
oh! (panting)
♪ I don't know
where you're going... ♪
munsch: Turn out the lights!
Wes: I'm not turning
these lights off.
Mmm!
I don't want to
miss a thing.
♪ before... ♪
(grunts)
Man:
I'm sorry, who are you?
Chanel:
I'm chanel oberlin.
These are my minions.
We're here
to see melanie dorkus.
But ms. Dorkus does not
allow visitors.
Due to the nature
Of her deformities,
she has remained in solitude
Since her release
from the hospital.
I'm sorry,
but there must be some mistake.
I spoke with melanie
this morning,
And she sounded
very excited to see us.
What's that smell?
Man:
Those are the hounds.
(dogs barking, growling)
apart from myself,
Ms. Dorkus' only companions
are the large, angry mastiffs
That patrol the corridors.
(growling)
If you'll wait in here, I'll let
ms. Dorkus know you're here.
(dog barking in distance)
(gasps, groans, gasps)
God.
Ew.
(barking continues
in distance)
Where is number six?
She said that
she'd meet us here.
That's weird.
She said she was coming.
♪ ♪
(inhales sharply)
(sniffs)
What exactly are
we looking for?
We need to see
files on all the chanels.
See if there's
anything in there
That eliminates them
as suspects.
How do you know
I'm not the killer?
I just know.
How do you know I'm not?
Just know, too.
Okay, first, we need to check
all of their transcripts,
See if any of them have
taken any suspicious courses.
Okay, like this, see?
She took an
engineering course
And a course on
domestic terrorism,
So she may have learned how
to make the mr. Pizza guy bomb.
(banging and thudding;
wes and munsch moaning loudly)
(munsch screaming,
wes moaning)
Okay, we just need to pretend
like we can't hear anything.
Look, it said she
failed gross anatomy
Because she couldn't
dissect a pig.
No way she could
chainsaw a guy's
Arms off if she can't
cut open a dead pig.
(chain saw buzzing)
Wait. She also
took a class in sewing.
Zayday: There's a college
course on sewing?
Do you remember
in the red devil's lair,
There was all that stuff
To make the costumes?
Oh, my god.
And another on
human anatomy,
Which she would need
to cut gigi's head off.
(women screaming)
Take a look at the
rest of the file.
See if there's anything
about the family.
You mean like the fact
that her social security number
Is 123-45-6789?
And her home address
is sesame street?
Look at her high
school transcript.
It said she graduated
from sweet valley high?
This whole file is made up.
So that's her.
She's the baby in the bathtub.
The last red devil killer.
Where are the chanels right now?
(phone chimes)
(gasps)
I have to go right now.
What?
Somebody just swiped
right on me on tinder.
Chanel, this has
never happened.
Ms. Dorkus
will see you now.
I called the company because
I thought the app was broken.
I have to go meet this guy.
You should go.
Hmm. Chanel.
Any guy swiping right on you
is a miracle.
So, go. Go meet
this blind man.
And when I'm done
apologizing to melanie,
I'm gonna call
pope francis because...
We now have proof of god's
existence in this universe.
(grunts)
♪ how am I supposed to live
without you... ♪
You want a drag?
No, I'm good.
♪ and how am I supposed
to carry on... ♪
Um, so I don't... I don't
exactly know how to say this.
Mm. Let me say
it for you.
"dean munsch, I really respect
you, but I only did this
"to find out some piece of
information about the murders,
And now I don't think we
should take it any further."
That's not what I was gonna say.
(laughs)
Cathy...
That was the best sex
of my life.
I'm not joking.
(chuckles):
Well...
Uh... (clears throat)
Seeing as you remained
celibate for the full 18 years,
And then decided
to re-pop your cherry
With the most mentally ill woman
On campus, I'm gonna take
that with a grain of salt.
I think you're just relieved
to find out
That intercourse doesn't
have to be followed
By hours and hours of crying
And a weird purchase
of an engagement ring.
Listen to me.
Listen to me. Hold on.
Cathy, I'm serious.
Look, I never knew
sex could be like that.
At first, I was like...
I was like,
"wow, she's being
really loud.
Are the neighbors gonna
call the police?"
And then I was like,
"wow, now I'm being really loud.
"why am I screaming so much?
They're definitely
gonna call the police."
And then I was just... Stunned
at how flexible you are.
I mean, I thought
you had to be a gymnast
To get both feet
behind your head.
Do you intend to
come to a point?
Yeah. Sorry. Look, um...
When we first met,
you came on really strong,
And I-I was a little turned off,
I have to admit.
But then I was like,
"damn, girl.
"I mean, this-this...
This chick...
This chick must really
be onto something."
I mean, if that's the way
That our bodies talk
to one another...
That is a gross
way to put it.
I just think that maybe
you and I were meant
To be together after all.
(chuckles)
I'm serious.
I'm serious, cathy.
Listen to me.
I like you.
Like... Like like you.
And, you know, if you are, uh...
If you're down, girl,
To see if this relationship
has legs...
'cause I know...
I know you got legs,
all right, you know.
I mean, if you're down,
I'm... I'm all for it.
I'm-I'm down.
♪ now that I've been
loving you so long ♪
♪ how am I supposed to live
without you... ♪
(wes moans)
There's just
one thing.
Oh, shoot.
Your daughter.
Uh-huh.
She's gonna have to go.
What?
I'm just being honest.
I find her
unbearably annoying,
And the minute she
gets wind of this,
She is gonna be
whispering in your ear
How I am no
good for you.
So if you want
this to happen,
We're just gonna
have to find a way
To give ourselves
a little space,
Figure out a way
to make gracie
Go bye-bye for
a little while.
Now...
I am gonna go freshen up
And then come back
for round deux.
(tvs playing quietly)
Get your phone
out, number three.
You're recording this.
Melanie?
Hi!
It's chanel oberlin.
Melanie:
I know.
I recognized the
island splash scent
Of that douche you use.
(gasps)
Oh, my god,
she looks like
Jason voorhees.
No. Jason was deformed
since, like, birth.
She looks like
freddy krueger.
No. Jason voorhees.
He's all disfigured
From that toxic waste that
got splashed in his face.
What movie are you even
referring to?
Jason goes to hell.
That's the only Friday the 13th
movie you've seen?
I'm right here.
Hi.
I am so sorry.
Melanie, you remember
chanel #3,
And how she's a total div.
I'm sorry I haven't
come by sooner.
I didn't realize
you were in town.
I heard you were
living in alaska,
Where it's night
for half the year.
I was, but my parents say
living alone
In an arctic compound
wasn't healthy,
So, six weeks ago,
they moved me here.
This is the estate
That three generations
of my family went insane in.
Well, you look great.
Don't patronize me.
I look like a monster.
Toxic avenger.
That's who I was
thinking of.
Well, have you thought
of a little... Plastic surgery?
I've had nine surgeries already,
you evil bitch!
You did this to me!
Now, melanie,
wait a minute.
(whispers):
Start recording.
(phone beeps)
Melanie...
(sighs)
There's something
I want to say to you.
And I think
it's gonna be hard
For both of us.
Ms. Dorkus has visitors!
You can't go in there!
Melanie, I just want
to say... (sighs)
...That I hope
you rot in hell, bitch!
(melanie gasps, chanel yells)
What are you doing? I thought
you came here to apologize.
Never! I apologize for nothing.
Melanie dorkus is the killer!
(melanie screams)
What?!
Oh, don't look
so surprised, mask.
All evidence points to you.
You heard what
number six said.
She saw someone walking
around campus, in a veil,
Muttering,
"dork, dork, dork!"
Dork as in dorkus!
(screams)
So she suddenly can't remember
her own last name?
I called my travel agent,
who called alaska charters llc,
Who confirmed that you,
melanie dorkus,
Took a seaplane back to campus
One week before
the killings started.
So?
So, you're obviously the killer!
You came back from your
weird arctic compound
To get revenge on kappa house
because you're hideous
And think that I put
acid in your spray tanner
When I didn't!
(grunts)
I don't know
what you're talking about!
I didn't kill anybody!
Can it, dorkus.
I know it was you.
Have fun in hell, bitch.
And fyi, this is probably
gonna hurt a lot.
(gasps)
Wait! Chanel! Stop! Stop, stop,
stop! She's not the killer.
What are you talking
about? Of course she is!
No, she's not. I swear.
We have proof.
It's hester.
Hester is
the red devil.
(chuckles)
So sorry.
(whispers):
Stop recording!
I knew that bitch was a nut
burger the minute I met her.
It's like, who wears
a neck brace like that in 2015?
You know, who are you?
Forrest gump?
That's why
you gave her a makeover
And made her one
of your minions?
Chanel: Have you not noticed
the chanels operate in a world
That is outside
the laws of man?
She has to show back
up here eventually.
We need to
devise a trap.
But remember, she's
armed and dangerous.
(woman screams in distance)
(chanel #3 screams)
(gasping)
Did you hear that? I think
it came from chanel's closet.
Number five,
what are you doing here?!
Oh, please tell me
you did not bring your insane
And obviously blind
tinder hookup back here.
I mean, the last thing
I need to see right now
Is a guy running
out of your room
With his index finger
bitten off.
You know,
'cause your vagina has teeth.
No. It was a fake,
and I should have known,
Because his tinder
profile picture
Is the guy from nickelback
cut out of a magazine.
You're saying
you would have been okay
If it was the guy
from nickelback?
He's, like, 60.
And canadian.
I lost my virginity
to a nickelback song.
Grace: Okay, can we please
stop talking
About chanel #5's dating life
and see who's screaming?
Come on.
(whimpering)
(women gasping)
Grace: Oh, my god.
Chanel #3:
Is she dead?
This is so horrible!
I know. That was such
a fabulous pair of shoes.
I can't feel a pulse.
Grace: This doesn't
make any sense.
Hester is the killer.
Pete's dead, boone's dead.
Who could have done this to her?
(hester gasps sharply,
women gasp)
(panting)
(gasping)
Red... Devil!
(whimpering)
(gasps)
Captioned by
media access group at wgbh